I got my start in software working on
Shrek actually, a long, long time ago.
And you're taking these basic building
blocks, loops and counters and
algorithms and you use that stuff every
single day, and you gradually build it all
up and it just turns into this
tool that an artist can take and
then just run with it and just do
really amazing same things with it.
Hi, there!
So, you did your squares, good job.
We're gonna make it a little
bit easier this time.
We're gonna do the same squares,
only we're going to use
something called a counter loop.
A counter loop is just
like a regular loop, but
every time you loop around,
you add a little bit of the number.
So, you see your counter loop right here,
it came from the loop section, and
then you've got your draw square function
that you've been using all along.
So now,
we'll just go into the variable section.
You pull out that counter block and
stick it into the length bin.
So now what you've got something
that says count with counter.
From 50 to 90 using 10, draw square.
So what's that gonna do is it's
gonna first draw a square sides 50.
Then it will add 10 to the counter, draw
it again, and then as it loops around it
adds 10 each time so
you get squares of 50, 60, 70, 80, 90.
So your zombie's gonna be a master artist.
Good job.